whoa this is a nice load obviously but
it's not that too stiff this is the
Burton hero saving one butter at a time
this could be the board for that jibber
that guy he likes to jump a lot and
Cloney
basically knows what he or she is doing
it has a flex rating of a three so it's
going to be a little bit softer and it
does have the V rocker continuous she
turns be walking on the nose if you drop
her on the tail Skippy be right through
the middle rocker on the nose rocker on
the tail and frostbite I just underneath
the bindings which is great it has a
twin of like not completely twig
but a twin neck shape it does have a
twin flex and it has a super fly core
with dual zone EDG there's hard and soft
wood laminates everyone kick the tail
except for the dual zone which is right
on the rail of your board Burton has
taken wood and actually made it
perpendicular to the lamp of the wood
making a little bit more responsive a
little bit stiffer on its edge actually
good for rail riding as well and it does
have a negative profile the negative
profile is little bit thicker on the 8th
of bindings thinner in the core thinner
on the tip of the tail giving a nice
smooth even flex great footage in boards
it has Triax fiberglass the high pass
ones in three different directions 45
degrees negative 45 degrees and at 0
degrees it also has a centered base it's
a base that you're going to want to
maintain and stay moist
dan just like a seven half frostbite
underneath the bindings other than that
has the grip and rip edges so they're
just 360 wrap around which is phenomenal
and it has the 1045 the sidewalls
they're gonna be indestructible so if
you like boosting big on jumps you like
thrashing hard on Rails or boxes or
ledges or stumps or whatever they have
now these things are going to hold up it
does have quite
the back for this vault it does have the
scoop all the contact points on the nose
or the tail have been lifted up for
nicest group so when you're buttering
around if you're doing you know setup
trick say it up you know what they catch
before you even do the trick the scoops
gonna help you fall it also has high
voltage jumper cables so instead of just
having regular carbon stringers it has
culminated rods that run from underneath
the bindings towards the chip into the
tail it has the infinite ride which
means that this board has already been
broken in my blood you won't have to
break this thing it then you get on the
hill and it does have pro tip as well
pro tip is the process in which Burton
minimizes the amount of material on the
nose and the tail causing for a thinner
nose in the fitter table reducing the
amount of weight and swing-wing there is
wide options in the Burton hero if you
are a parks layer and you want to
continue to slay the park this is a
fantastic option